NOTE: any add or change on GPOs needs 90 min. to apply for users

NOTE: is a full-disk encryption feature built into Microsoft Windows. It helps protect data by encrypting entire volumes 
	(operating system and data drives) so that unauthorized users cannot read the data if the device is lost, stolen, 
	or accessed without permission.

1.setup GPO to store Bit-locker
	OPTION1 (GUI):
	open Group Policy management
	click on your domain name then domain then your domain name
	right click on Group Policy Objects
	click new
	add name (Ex.: Backup Bitlocker)
	click ok
	right click on the policy (bitlocker policy)
	click edit
	
	//computer conf. (global conf.) and user conf. (only when the user logged in)
	//Policies (can't be edited by users) and Preferences (can be edited by users)
	
	in Group Policy management Editor click Computer configuration
	click policies
	click Administrative Templates
	click Windows Components
	Click Bitlocker Drive Encryption
	Click Store Bitlocker recovery information................
	choose Enabled
	click apply
	click ok
	
	Expand Bitlocker Drive Encryption
	click Operating system Drivers
	click Require additional authentication at startup
	choose Enabled
	make sure (✓) Allow Bitlocker without a compatible TPM..............
	click apply
	click ok
	
	click Choose how Bitlocker-protected operating system...............
	choose Enabled
	make sure (✓) Allow data recovery agent
	make sure (✓) save Bitlocker recovery information...............
	here you can choose (Store recovery password only or password and key)//we will use the default option
	click apply
	click ok
	
	//New we can apply this GPO to OUs
	In Active Directory right click on the OU
	click Link an Existing GPO...
	click on the GPO (Backup Bitlocker)
	click ok
	
2.install Bit-locker on Windows server
	OPTION1 (GUI):
	open server manager
	go to manage tab
	go to add roles
	click next
	click next
	click next
	click next
	expand Remote Server Administrative Tools
	expand Feature Administrative Tools
	Bitlocker Drive Encryption (✓)
	expand Bitlocker Drive Encryption
	Bitlocker Recovery Password viewer
	click add features
	click next
	click install
	after installing click close
	
	reboot the server
	
3.Enabling BitLocker on the server
	OPTION1 (GUI):
	In search type Manage BitLocker
	click turn on bitlocker
	
	here you can choose how to unlock your drive at startup (USB flash or password)
	//in this Ex. I will choose password (save this password)
	Enter the password and click next
	
	here you can choose the way to save the recovery key (in MS account, in a file or flash drive or print a paper)
	//in this Ex. I will use save a file (I will save it in flash)
	click next
	
	here you choose all the drive to encrypts or the used space only
	//I will choose only used space
	click next
	
	here you choose the encryption mode to use
	//in this Ex. I will choose New encryption mode
	click next
	
	make sure (✓) Run Bitlocker system check
	click continue
	
	click on the notification that just showed up
	restart the server
	
	in the reboot new we have to enter the Bitlocker password 
	//enter the password that match with the key you see
	
	//to check the % progress of the encryption
	open powershell and type
	> Get-BitlockerVloume -MountPoint c:
	
4.View BitLocker password for users
	In active directory right click on the computer and choose Prop.
	choose Bitlocker Recovery tab
	here (recovery password is the key) (Password ID is the password)
